Revamp of GitHub documentation (#1055)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-dev-portal: README.md

## Table of Contents
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About The Project](#about-the-project)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Open Projects, Issues, and Content Backlog](#open-projects-issues-and-content-backlog)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)

## About The Project

![Tanzu Developer Center Screen Shot](static/images/github/homepage-screenshot.png)

> The VMware Tanzu Develoer Center is VMware's site built specifically with devlopment teams in mind. Above all, our guiding pribiples for content included on the Tanzu Developer Center is that if the reader is excited about a topic, they don't have to contact a sales rep or purchase a pricey license because all content in the Tanzu Developer Center is immediately actionable, either because it is open source, or there is an easily accessible trial.Above all, we want the Tanzu Developer Center to be a great resource for software development teams. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VMware Tanzu Develoer Center is VMware's site built specifically with development teams in mind. Above all, our guiding principle for content included on the Tanzu Developer Center is that if the reader is excited about a topic, they don't have to contact a sales rep or purchase a pricey license because all content in the Tanzu Developer Center is immediately actionable, either because it is open source, or there is an easily accessible trial. Above all, we want the Tanzu Developer Center to be a great resource for software development teams. 
```
